---
title: Flying
date: 2026-07-08
---

Ah. Honestly, not really been keeping track of what I've been doing this past weekish. Been playing a good amount of soccer, but also injured my ankle. Been getting accupuncture. Been researching stuff. Been window shopping. Finally got a gym membership the other day! So this month will probably be my fitness arc. Been seeing friends. Yeah.. 

Time is really flying by. I feel like the summer is slipping through my fingers. It's like I'm in the moment, where I am so free, but at the same time, already missing this, knowing that I will miss this feeling. 

I've also realized that I am becoming an adult now. Yippee! I don't know when the transition started. Is it a change in mindset? Or circumstance? I don't know either. Regardless, I think I've spent the past few months ruminating so much that I didn't notice my youth leaving me. 

Of course, I am still very young. Especially compared to the uncs that I play soccer with. But, I hope that I retain some of my kiddish charm. I have felt it leaving me, bit by bit. Maybe it will come back. I still remember in middle school, thinking of those dudes who acted all cool and mighty and mature and whatever, looking down on us screaming and happy kids, and thinking, "Who is in a rush to grow up? Being a kid is fun, they're the ones who are lame". I lost that screaming, that lack of inhibition a long time ago. But the other aspects, I fear I am losing too. Youth.

But, if I chunk the next few weeks, it really will fly by. Next few days, I'm seeing my friend Ryan another couple times. Then, next week, I'll see my friend Jaden for a long time. And, I'll be watching the world cup, killing my sleep schedule. Then, for the next 2 weeks after that, they're both gone, but I'll be seeing other friends during that time as well. A week a friend, maybe a little more. And, for those 2 weeks, I know I'll be grinding my paper. And then I'll be back to the US. I'll spend around a week in California. And then I'll be off to NY. It will take me around a week to get settled in NY, and then I have another week to coast. Sort things out, before orientation starts. OK, I know that two weeks before orientation is a lot, but honestly, don't have much else to do. We'll see. And yeah. That will be the rest of my summer. 6 more weeks. Those weeks will fly by like the past months have, and by the end of it, hopefully I will be ready for life. 